hello Well, hello. Good afternoon, Maverick traders. Market roundup time. It's Joe with you. It's the 7th of May. Let's get into a Wednesday and see what we can get. I want to break down the meaningful news of the day. Let's look at things technically and I've got some trades to share. As always, disclaimer. This video was created for professional stock and option traders. Maverick Trading is a proprietary trading firm that employs professional traders around the world. Our traders trade firm capital and keep 70 to 80% of profits they generate. All trades and analysis in this video are for professional traders only. If you are interested in becoming a professional trader for Maverick, click the apply button in the video description. Let's break down what happened today. As we move into market analysis, you'll see that we actually had a Fed announcement, but you really wouldn't notice based on how these markets reacted. So, let's just jump straight into the daily news. So, it was completely flat. We're kind of in this area. I'm going to draw the uh the box out here on the chart, but the Fed kept the rates unchanged. It was expected. Um the expectations were for the Fed to really not make any changes. Same kind of a deal. uncertainty with possible tariff impacts moving forward. Uh we're still seeing some sticky inflation out there. Some numbers that are showing that hey that's kind of sitting around. So cutting interest rates right now doesn't make a lot of sense to the Fed. So the markets just kind of went in line with it. Uh let's take a look how we finished. Dow S&P and the Q's pretty much flat. Slightly higher uh over 1% there or excuse me over half percent on the Dow and just close to on the S&P. Uh the Russell's up a little bit, but oil rolled over again. Uh gold pulled off a little bit. I've been seeing a little bit more weakness in gold. It's it is coming off of a high and I I believe that the longer these markets stable, I should say stabilize up at this area, uh we should continue to see maybe gold slip a little bit, but uh the energy worries and what's going on with oil specifically kind of carried it over as well. So let's get into the advanced decline line. 58% of stocks advancing 38 declining above below the 50-day moving averages back to that 50/50 area as these markets kind of consolidate on some levels of where do we go to next, right? So, let's just get to that chart. Here's the S&P. Uh this is that area we're talking about. So, the first is this kind of line in the sand there, that 55. And it's a pretty good level um of resistance. This would have been a pretty key area for these markets to roll back over, but they didn't. Now we've got this kind of a consolidation. Let me draw in a resistance area here. Uh right between these two. So check that out. So more of a push and pull kind of a consolidation. Um are are there quote unquote dis quote unquote discounted stocks at this area? That might be why it's moved back up to this area. Uh some decent earnings and projections from some of the companies that have come out. Um good and bad. So the markets are just kind of taking a breather here. What's going to move these markets? Well, it's going to be some sort of a catalyst, some sort of a tariff situation or a Fed movement. Um, it's just depends on what the sentiment wants to react to. But for now, folks, it seems to be pretty content kind of meandering around this level. Now, this really doesn't give us too much to do when it comes to, hey, is this the bottom? Uh, should I start building my portfolio moving forward or is this just a temporary top and it's going to roll back over? It's kind of this sit and hold kind of idea. Uh past that folks, I think we just kind of go back and forth. Let's go to the Q's. They're in a very similar situation. Consolidation right at those levels above that 50. The 50 sloping uh turning a little bit higher here on the 20, but u kind of more the same following earnings. Very specific move and actions when it comes to announcements, expectations of companies. We're seeing a lot of that, but overall the markets are just kind of uh chomping along. So, let's just get over to the heat map. Uh I I was going through the top I should say the strongest and weakest today folks and the weakest sector today was the communication services sector and uh so I pulled it up and I went through the charts and it wasn't it's one stock Google down 7 and a half% dragged the whole sector down based on some worries about its its contract that it's got going with Apple and its AI. Apple might be kind of thinking about dropping them and so it caused quite a bit of a move to the downside. Outside of that, some of these uh companies in that communication services sectors are doing pretty well. So, a little bit misleading. We are still seeing kind of a push and pull. Nvidia actually had a pretty decent day, setting up a pretty decent chart, but once again, you can see the size of these companies, how they can impact overall sectors from a day-to-day basis. So, it's kind of difficult to scan day-to-day. So, keep your watch list going um and follow relative strength and weakness as you see it. So, where am I at in the weekly outlook? I'm just going to be flat, zero. Uh we're above the 20-day moving average and it's actually turned up. We're above that 50, but it's sloping down and the slope is a little bit backwards. So, it's just kind of this stay, this stagnant. Uh I'm just going to sit here and hold on and see what happens. Now, that doesn't mean that there's not good opportunity for up and down. I believe it's a little bit shorter term. And what's unfortunate, folks, is when you get caught in any of these corrective actions or bounces, they can hurt. So, just be mindful of that. But, uh here's here's something to look at. So, I went ahead and just hey, take a look at it. technology was pretty strong today and I saw a few out there. AP, Flex, uh, Micron, Snow. Um, I saw that healthcare was a little bit stronger with ABT, DXCM, and so we'll take a look at I think I got Flex in there. I like the chart. And then nothing's really changed. What's been the weakest? Uh, once again, I I saw communication services being by far the weakest today, but it was one stock, so I went to the next one and then went above that. And guess what? Energy. Anything to do with oil right now has been struggling. You can see what I got there. Chevron, EOG, and Fang. Um, so if it's not broke, don't fix it. Let's jump straight into the bull that I liked. And I like flex. I thought this was a really cool chart. You guys know me and ascending triangles, but a or you could talk uh you know this um head and shoulders kind of a bottom pattern here. So, a little bit of a pullback there. Reverse head and shoulders. I do like how it's kind of emerging here. This just came out of its earnings. So, I might get I'm I'm going to give it another day. I want to make sure that it can sustain this level. I know volume is high. I could easily see this gap down and fall apart. That's fine. But if it can keep its head above that uh 3790 area, I'm I'm completely happy with that. So, 3795 38. As long as it can stay above here for the next little bit. I love the increase in the volume here. Um just a neat little stock. maybe throw a vertical spread on there or some sort of a diagonal in in a little bit of a shorter term span. But I just like that chart. Uh going over to the bear side, it's pretty much the same thing. You guys have seen this a lot. Uh this is Chevron. In fact, I think I've picked on this a few times, but it uh boy, look at this fall here. A really anemic bounce and it's just kind of falling. Now, this isn't in a race to fall apart. I still believe that there there's some fundamental traders in here that are going to hold this longer term. It's a solid company. I'm not sure if it still pays a dividend or anything, but um it's one of these things to where if it rolls, it's going to roll pretty quickly um based on anybody that wants to jump out of it. So, be patient with this. Sideways to down works. Maybe credit spread, play it sideways to down. However, these can bounce. So, just be aware. Uh wait for this to kind of bleed off or go lower. That's why I'm okay with some sort of a credit spread. Uh but if they bounce, they can bounce pretty hard, especially if oil takes a little bit of break here in the uh uh the shorter term. So folks, I don't have much for you today. Just um pretty much flat. We expect a little bit more reaction to the Fed. The Fed was exactly in line with what they said they'd do. Um they've got the data to kind of prove it. A little bit of worries when it comes to tariffs and changes in policy. Seeing an increase in unemployment, however, we're seeing some sticky inflation. Uh, so things are not quite weak enough to cut and I I I think that's what they said they would do and that's kind of what they're in line with and I think the markets reacted as such. Um, so we're more of this consolidation uh area above a pretty good support level technically on the S&P and I think we're going to stay there for a while unless we get some sort of a catalyst. Um, and chances are it's going to be some I imagine there'll be some sort of a tariff thing. Uh, but we'll see. So FC makes no change jobless claims tomorrow and then we got what I refer to as a bunch of Fed speak. We got a bunch of Fed Fed chair heads uh from different areas are going to be talking and giving their two cents on the outlook and what they think. Now we still are in earning season folks. We got Carvana, um Shopify, Toyota, Annheiser Bush, and Kle Phillips um out tomorrow. Carvana's out right now. It's down well it's down about 4.12% after hours. It's come off of a bottom. It was lower than that earlier. So, we'll see where that goes. But just be mindful that those are out there. All right, guys. That's what I got for you today. Thanks for joining me and we'll talk to you next time. Bye, folks. [Music]
